Add heroku HTTPS drain tokens (#9229)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/forward-logs/heroku-log-forwarding.mdx

the Application name or any other attribute you may need. Also, the whole process
of registering new drains and deleting them is easier that with syslog.

Heroku Syslog drains on the counterpart doesn't allow you to add this custom
metadata so it's harder to differentiate between the configured drains on the
logs.

## Heroku HTTPS drains [#heroku-https-drains]

### Configuration

1. Make sure your New Relic user account has the [admin role](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-users-roles/users-roles-original-user-model/#roles) assigned to it.
2. Go to the [New Relic Marketplace](https://one.newrelic.com/marketplace).
3. Under **Logging**, click the `Heroku` tile. You can also search for it using the search bar.
4. If you have multiple accounts, select the account to which you want to send the logs.
5. (Optional) Click **Add metadata** if you want to add custom metadata to the
log drain and fill up the list with the key pairs you need.
6. Click **Generate URL**. A headerless URL will be generated and shown along
the heroku cli command to setup the drain token.
7. Copy the heroku cli command to your clipboard clicking the **Copy to
clipboard**
button.

> 8. Go to your terminal where you've the heroku cli set.

Reviewer: i edited this one

import addData from 'images/add-data.png'

> import herokuTile from 'images/heroku-tile.png'

Reviewer 2: Please remove this file as well, as (I believe) it is not used anymore.

Author: It's being used by translations, let me ask how to proceed.

Author: yup! You're right! 🔥

> import herokuTile from 'images/heroku-tile.png'

Author: I'll prefer to get rid of them. I think they don't look well on the docs page, and also it's confusing because Night/Day mode and the colors of the images. Thanks!

If your log data is already being monitored by Heroku's built-in
[Logplex](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/logplex) router, you can use
our integration to forward and enrich your log data in New Relic.

Heroku Syslog drains on the counterpart doesn't allow you to add this custom
metadata so it's harder to differentiate between the configured drains on the
logs.

Forwarding your Heroku logs to New Relic will give you enhanced log management
capabilities to collect, process, explore, query, and alert on your log data.

We've support for
[Heroku HTTPS drains](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/log-drains#https-drains)

> and also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and 
```

[Heroku Syslog drains](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/log-drains#syslog-drains).

Using the Heroku HTTPS drains you'll be able to add custom metadata to your
logs, that way, you can set different attributes for each of your drains like

> the Application name, or other values you may need. Also, the whole process of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the Application name or any other attribute you may need. Also, the whole process of
```

   }
   ```

## Register a Heroku syslog drain [#register-syslog]
### Register a Heroku syslog drain [#register-syslog]

Next, you'll need to register your newly created Heroku Syslog drain in New Relic:

1. Log in to [New Relic's Logs UI](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/logger.log-launcher) and click **Add more data sources**.

   <img
     title="Add more data sources button"
     alt="Add more data sources button"
     src={addData}

>    />

Author: I don't like them, they're different between light and dark themes and look bad from my point of view.

   }
   ```

### Register a Heroku syslog drain [#register-syslog]

Next, you will need to register your newly created Heroku Syslog drain in New Relic:

1. Make sure your New Relic user account has the [admin role](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-users-roles/users-roles-original-user-model/#roles) assigned to it.
2. Go to the [New Relic Marketplace](https://one.newrelic.com/marketplace).
3. Under **Logging**, click the `Heroku (syslog)` tile. You can also search for it using the search bar.
4. If you have multiple accounts, select the account in which you want to register the drain token.
5. Paste your newly created Heroku drain token in the **Heroku drain token** field.
6. Click **Add Heroku drain log** to complete the registration.

<Callout variant="important">
  Heroku currently doesn't support customizing the format of logs sent from Logplex. For more information, see [Heroku's log format documentation](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/logging#log-format).
</Callout>

### Delete a Heroku syslog drain token mapping [#delete-syslog-drain]

> Complete these steps to delete a Heroku syslog drain token mapping via the New Relic UI.

Reviewer 3: @danybmx Could you add an introductory sentence here telling users what to expect in this section? How about something like this: "You can remove drains using the New Relic UI or with the REST API."

1. Make sure your New Relic user account has the [admin role](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-users-roles/users-roles-original-user-model/#roles) assigned to it.
2. Go to the [New Relic Marketplace](https://one.newrelic.com/marketplace).
3. Under **Logging**, click the `Heroku (syslog)` tile. You can also search for it using the search bar.

> 4. If you have multiple accounts, select the account that contains the drain token mappings you wish to delete and click **Continue**. Otherwise, go to step 6.

Reviewer 3: @danybmx since step 6 isn't really a step where users need to take action, I'd suggest you just remove that. I think users would know that the drain is deleted.

Still, I'm not quite sure what happens if users don't have multiple accounts. Do they have a delete button to click? Could this be what you want (I'm guessing about the delete button)?

If you have a single account, click **Delete** to finish removing the drain. If you have multiple accounts, select the account that contains the drain token mappings you wish to delete and click **Continue**.

   ```shell
   curl -XDELETE -H 'api-key: <varYOUR_NR_LICENSE_KEY</var>' https://log-syslog-configuration-api.service.newrelic.com/heroku-account-mappings/<herokuMappingId>?accountId=<var>YOUR_NR_ACCOUNT_ID</var>
   ```

>  4. The API returns an HTTP 204 response and the drain token mapping is deleted.

Reviewer 3: @danybmx this isn't technically a step users need to do. I'd recommend you make this into a simple one-sentence paragraph that follows the steps. It would just be a summary of process.
